[Doc]Fix typo and language issues in the faq.md file (#3844)
apache/pulsar: faq.md

- Getting Started
- Concepts and Design
- Usage and Configuration
- Advanced Questions

---

## Getting Started

### What is the minimum requirements for Apache Pulsar ?
You need three kinds of nodes: bookie, broker, and zookeeper. If you do not have enough resources, you can also run the three clusters on the same machine.
---
## Concepts and Design

### Is ack tied to subscription?
Yes, ack is tied to a particular subscription.

### Where do I look into to tweak load balancing ?
There are a few parameters to look at :

> 1. The topic assignments to brokers are done in terms of “bundles”, that is in group of topic.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The topic assignments to brokers are done in terms of “bundles”, which are groups of topics.
```

2. Topics are matched to bundles by hashing on the name.

> 3. A bundle is a hash-range where topics fall into.

Author: ```suggestion
3. A bundle is a hash-range into which topics fall.
```

5. When the traffic increases on a given bundle, it  is split in two and reassigned to a different broker.
6. There are some adjustable thresholds that can be used to control when the split happens, based on the number of topics/partitions, messages in/out, bytes in/out, and so on.
7. It’s also possible to specify a higher number of bundles when creating a namespace.
8. The load-manager threshold controls when a broker should offload some of the bundles to other brokers.

### What is the life-cycle of subscription?
When a subscription is created, it retains all messages published after that (minus explicit TTL). You can drop subscriptions by explicitly unsubscribing (in `Consumer` API) or through the REST/CLI .

### What is a bundle?
In Pulsar, "namespace" is the administrative unit: you can configure most options on a namespace, and the configuration is applied on the topics contained on the namespace. It is convenient to configure settings and operations on a group of topics rather than doing it once per topic.

In general, the pattern is to use a namespace for each user application. So a single user/tenant can create multiple namespaces to manage its own applications.

> Concerning topics, topics are assigned to brokers, control the load and move them if a broker becomes overloaded. Rather than doing these operations per each single topic (ownership, load-monitoring, assigning), we do it in bundles, or "groups of topics".

Author: so shall we remove it or refine it?

Whenever a broker is marked as overloaded, traffic can be quickly shifted (manually or without intervention) to less loaded brokers. The LoadManager component in brokers is dedicated to that.

There are several points of flow control:
- On the producer side, there are limits on the number of in-flight message for broker bookies, which controls the user's speed in publishing messages, so that the speed is not faster than what the system can absorb. 
- On the consumer side, it's possible to throttle the delivery to a certain rate.

#### Quotas
You can configure different storage quotas for different tenants/namespaces, and take different actions(block producer, give an exception, drop older messages) when the quotas have been exceeded.

#### Broker level isolation
There is an option to isolate certain tenants/namespaces to a particular set of brokers. Typically, you use the option when you wish to experiment with different configurations, debug or quickly react to unexpected situations.

For example, a particular user might trigger a bad behavior in the broker that impacts performance for other tenants.

> In this case, the particular user is "isolated" to a subset of brokers that do not serve any other traffic, until a proper fix that correctly handles the condition is deployed.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case, the particular user can be "isolated" to a subset of brokers that do not serve any other traffic, until a proper fix that correctly handles the condition is deployed.
```

### How can I know when I've reached the end of the stream during replay?
There is no direct way because messages can still be published in the topic, and relying on the `readNext(timeout)` is not precise because the client might be temporarily disconnected from broker at that moment.

One option is to use `publishTimestamp` of messages. When you start replaying, you can check current "now", and then you replay until you hit a message with timestamp >= now.

Another option is to "terminate" the topic. Once a topic is "terminated", no more message can be published on the topic. To know when a topic is terminated, you can check the `hasReachedEndOfTopic()` condition.

A third option is to check the topic stats. This is a tiny bit involved, because it requires the admin client (or using REST) to get the stats for the topic and checking the "backlog". If the backlog is 0, it means you've hit the end.

### How can I prevent an inactive topic to be deleted under any circumstance? I do not want to set time or space limit for a certain namespace.

> Currently, there is not an option for “infinite” (though it sounds a good idea! Maybe we could use `-1` for that). The only option is to use INT_MAX for `retentionTimeInMinutes` and LONG_MAX for `retentionSizeInMB`. It’s not “infinite”, yet 4085 years of retention is probably be enough!

Author: ```suggestion
You can set *infinite* retention time or size, by setting `-1` for either time or
size retention.
For more details, see [Pulsar retention policy](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/cookbooks-retention-expiry/#retention-policies).
```

> <!--@Sijie: could you please refine this answer when you read here?-->

Reviewer: @Jennifer88huang 

The answer is out of date.

Pulsar supports infinite retention now. See section: http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/cookbooks-retention-expiry/#retention-policies

> <!--@Sijie: could you please refine this answer when you read here?-->

Author: ```suggestion

```

### Is there any sort of order of operations or best practices on the upgrade procedure for a geo-replicated Pulsar cluster?
In general, it is easy to update the Pulsar brokers, since the brokers don't have local state. The typical rollout is a rolling upgrade, either updating a broker at a time or some percentage of brokers in parallel.

There are no complicated requirements to upgrade geo-replicated clusters,  as we ensure backward and forward compatibility.

Both clients and brokers report their own protocol versions, and they can disable newer features if the other side does not support them yet.

Additionally, when making metadata breaking format changes (if the need arises), we make sure to spread the changes along at least two releases.

So, when Pulsar cluster recognizes the new formats in a release, it starts using new formats in the next release. 

It is allowed to downgrade a running cluster to a previous version, in case any server problem is identified in production.

### Since Pulsar has configurable retention per namespace, can I set a "forever" value, and keep all data in the namespaces forever?

> Retention applies to "consumed" messages, for which the consumer has already acknowledged the processing. By default, retention is set to 0, which means data is deleted as soon as all consumers acknowledge. You can set retention to delay the retention.

Author: ```suggestion
You can set *infinite* retention time or size, by setting `-1` for either time or size retention.
For more details, see [Pulsar retention policy](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/cookbooks-retention-expiry/#retention-policies).
```

> It also means that data is kept forever, by default, if the consumers are not acknowledging.

Author: ```suggestion

```

- a quick workaround is to increase the “ack-timeout” to a level in which timeout doesn’t occur in processing
- another option is to reduce the receiver queue size, so that less messages are sitting in the queue

### Can I use bookkeeper newer v3 wire protocol in Pulsar? How can I enable it?
Currently, you cannot use bookkeeper v3 wire protocol in Pulsar. Because the broker is designed to use v2 protocol, and it is not configurable at the moment.

### Is "kubernetes/generic/proxy.yaml" meant to be used whenever we want to expose a Pulsar broker outside the Kubernetes cluster?
Yes, the “proxy” is an additional component to deploy a stateless proxy frontend that can be exposed through a load balancer, and that doesn’t require direct connectivity to the actual brokers. You do not need to use the proxy within Kubernetes cluster. In some cases, it’s simpler to expose the brokers through `NodePort` or `ClusterIp` for other producer/consumers outsides.

> ### How can I know when I've reached the end of the stream during replay?

Reviewer 2: This FAQ needs to be updated. There is a method to know now.

Author: What's the method? how to conduct it?

### How can I prevent an inactive topic to be deleted under any circumstance? I do not want to set time or space limit for a certain namespace.
You can set *infinite* retention time or size, by setting `-1` for either time or
size retention.
For more details, see [Pulsar retention policy](http://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/cookbooks-retention-expiry/#retention-policies).

### Is there a profiling option in Pulsar, so that we can breakdown the time costed in every stage? For instance, message A stays in queue 1ms, bookkeeper writes in 2ms(interval between sending to bk and receiving ack from bk) and so on.
There are latency stats at different stages: client, bookie and broker. 
For example, the client reports every minute in info logs. 
The broker is accessible through the broker metrics, and bookies store several different latency metrics. 

In broker, there’s just the write latency on Bookkeeper, because there is no other queuing involved in the write path.

### How can multiple readers get all the messages from a topic from the beginning concurrently? I.e., no round-robin, no exclusivity.

> You can create reader with `MessageId.earliest`.

Reviewer 2: This FAQ makes little sense. The answer is in the question.

Author: so shall we just remove this FAQ?

> ### Does broker validate if a property exists or not when producer/consumer connects ?

Author: ```suggestion
### Does broker validate if a tenant exists or not when producer/consumer connects ?
```

> Yes, broker performs auth&auth while creating producer/consumer and this information presents under namespace policies. So, if auth is enabled, and then broker performs validation.

Reviewer 2: "Property" should be "tenant" now. 

Answer is unclear. auth & auth is authentication and authorization, but which one needs to be enabled for validation.

Author: @sijie @jiazhai could you please confirm which auth needs to be enabled?

> ### For subscribing to a large number of topics like that, would I need to call `subscribe` for each one individually, or is there some sort of wildcard capability?

Reviewer 2: This is regex subscription. it exists now.
